# Fourth Meeting (Standup)

## Agenda
- Go over project pitch
- Asking question

## Participants (10/11)
* Raghav Cherukuru
* Allan Sun
* Jackie Kwok
* Benjamin Kuo
* Aditya Moghe
* Thomas Li
* Xinchen Zhang
* Eric Peng
* William Li
* Baijun Chen


## Recording
- Discuss our potential user login feature.
- Discuss whether or not we should use a database.
- Discuss the grade distribution of this class (final presentation).
- Thomas(Mingkai) said some really cool stuff.
- Allan said some really cool stuff.
- JSON ID
- Discuss API
- Our tutor has two midterms tomorrow and agree anything as long as we know what we are doing.
- Thomas talks about database (MongoDB)
- We all agree to use the database.
- Keep log-in feature.
- The feature we are going to implement is on Miro.
- look-up table.

## to-do-list
- [ ] revised our pitch by rearranging some slides which then needs to be resubmitted to canvas (moving our problem statement to the beginning of our pitch).




## Action Item

## Q&A
